the most dangerous thing about the Tesla
cyber Tru is not the pointy edges and
Corners it's not the fact that it weighs
over 3 tons and goes from 0 to 60 MPH
faster than a Corvette it's not even the
way that Reflections glare off the
stainless steel and can blind people on
the highway no the most dangerous thing
about the Cyber Tru is the way it makes
other people around you on the road
behave
[Music]
yeah okay I genuinely can't tell if the
cybertruck is goodlooking or not and I'm
being completely serious like if you
just check the comment section online
it's actually mostly negative most
people are saying it looks horrible
looks like a refrigerator on Wheels it's
a disaster of a design but once you
start living with this thing you drive
around with it and you talk to people
about it who have never heard of it
they're saying things like this this is
crazy this is like a movie prop it's
sci-fi looks something alien so so
there's a lot to it here first of all
stainless steel and black plastic that's
mostly what you're working with here and
the front I think it has a good angle to
be honest I'm a sucker for a light bar
but the actual headlights are down here
so they stay out of people's eyes and
general it's like a square jawline no
curves just angles but the back the back
not so much you know it's still
technically a bar yes but it's a little
bit dinkier in my opinion and also just
tons of black plastic in the back really
high tailgate I'm getting like dump
truck vibes from back here I don't think
I'm the only one I just I don't think
the back is its best angle but if I had
to narrow it down I'm pretty sure the
most iconic profile is the side and the
two elements of this truck that really
stand out are this slope these high
shoulders and then the pointy corners on
the other side see most pickup trucks
have basically this G en shape it's the
traditional pickup truck look and so
we're not used to seeing this angle
right here and this huge slope right
here it's unusual it's weird it's very
visually interesting so I've been living
with the Cyber truck for about a month
now well over 1500 miles and you notice
a couple things first of all people
whenever you go park somewhere always
want to come up to you and talk about it
naturally I've entertained a lot of
these conversations cuz they're fun and
they usually say say two things one
you'd be surprised how many people have
never heard of the cybertruck I know for
Us online people people watching this
video you're like how could anyone have
not heard of the Tesla cybertruck but
you'd be shocked and two most people
just want to know how much does that
thing cost and uh I got asked that so
many times eventually I just started
having people guess and 100% of the
people who guessed were too high people
were guessing 250 300K 180k 150k they're
all way over but you know how could they
know they don't know what the rest of
the truck is they've just seen this
thing they've never seen for the first
time and so I guess the conclusion is
the looks are really distracting people
from the rest of what makes the Cyber
truck the cybertruck okay let's play a
little game I'm going to name a feature
and all you have to do is think about it
for a second and think about if you
believe it's overrated or underrated and
then I someone who's been driving this
truck will tell you the real answer so
first feature steer by wire I've seen a
few good pieces cover what's actually
happening here talking about the
complete physical disconnect between the
steering wheel you're holding and the
wheels that are moving under the truck
instead it's a bunch of sensors reacting
to your input like a video game
controller but combined with the
variable steering ratio and the
four-wheel steering this is the most
Nimble agile feeling truck that I have
ever driven and I don't think a lot of
people realize that so I'm going
underrated it's one of those things
where Tesla definitely didn't have to do
this like they've made their headlines
already with the looks that could just
be a model 3 underneath but they went
through the extra measures and the extra
engineering to ship a full steer by wire
system and all the redundancies that
come with making it safe I I believe
they're the first ones to do this but
the variable steering ratio is really
what gives it all of its utility so at
low speeds the ability to turn really
quickly gets dialed up it's a much more
responsive feeling steering wheel so if
I want to turn right here I only have to
give it uh what half a turn quarter turn
and I'm fully maneuvering the way you
can pull into parking spots and make 90°
turns and everything is a total game
Cher but then at highway speeds it
softens that ratio a lot so you have a
little bit of steering input to sort of
Glide left and right between different
Lanes it's much more subtle you kind of
need that but then on top of that throw
in the four-wheel steering so four-wheel
steering is not new lots of vehicles
have done it but the amount of steer
that you get from these rear wheels is
pretty dramatic to the point where you
can look in the mirrors and see those
wheels turning and this can also be
adjusted with software but that really
lets this huge truck basically pivot
around a much smaller axis the steering
ratio now I think gives it the same
steering Circle as a Model S but it
feels really really impressive just
because of how big the actual vehicle is
it definitely takes some getting used to
you can't ignore that fact but once you
get used to it you you literally feel
like when you go back to like an F-150
or any other truck where you have all
this hand overhand steering to do the K
turns that feels weird it feels archaic
feels like you shouldn't have to do that
so again Tesla definitely didn't have to
do that but just the way you can drive
it like a smaller car and really point
the nose I don't know it's definitely
underrated all right next
feature bulletproof stainless steel
overrated or
underrated I'm I'm going with you
probably saw this one coming I'm going
with overrated now look first of all I
get it obviously having a very durable
truck is super useful of course but
bulletproof up to 9 mm
[Music]
rounds yeah I'm not going to test that
but you know there are some other
YouTubers out there who totally will and
apparently it can literally stop smaller
rounds without being punctured but also
the glass windows aren't bulletproof
they're more of just stronger than
regular glass and then it's regular
Wheels regular tires that can still get
slashed so don't go getting any ideas
that this thing is Invincible or
anything like that but clearly cold
rolled stainless steel alloy is going to
be much stronger than the regular
outside of a vehicle so that's the
shopping cart in the back of the parking
lot that's fender benders or if someone
hits you you'll be fine you'll be fine
but guess what it also means your truck
is now made of an extremely
fingerprinting material and it also
doesn't have normal door handles so you
just cannot keep it clean if you use
this thing daily and then steel just
happens to be really hard to manipulate
apparently Tesla had to create new
machines strong enough to stamp this
material together there's a reason why
there aren't a bunch of other cars
rolling around looking like this so when
I say in the autofocus review that low
Vin cyber trucks will have have low Vin
production issues that's not actually
new to Tesla they've had to spin up
manufacturing for different types of
vehicles before and usually the first
few thousand of them aren't pretty but
then they learn from those issues and
then one or two years down the road
they're making millions of the thing and
they're much better quality control so
this particular cyber Tru is the dual
motor all-wheel drive this was borrowed
from Ridge shout out to Ridge by the way
I'll leave a link below if you aren't
caught up on my partnership with them
but on deliv
this one had a pretty big panel gap on
the driver's side door and you know I
never really care about panel gaps but
this one in particular actually started
growing and getting worse it literally
looked like the door was open and then
it started making weird noises while
closing until one day it actually broke
so turns out it wasn't a panel Gap it
was actually a manufacturing issue where
the bolts that hold this latch in place
were actually not torqued tight enough
and they loosened over time and it fell
hell out and so Miles actually had the
bright idea to just Gaff tape the latch
securely back in place and now when you
close the
door lines up perfectly so Elon Musk
addressed this on Twitter after my video
apparently only 15 trucks had this issue
so lucky me I guess so if you are one of
the few then you can apparently just
take this to a Tesla Service Center and
they'll be able to fix it in no time as
long as you get an appointment the
cyberbeast that I took delivery of under
my name has been Flawless so far
but I think the point I'm trying to make
is these early cyber trucks as with any
other early Tesla they're going to find
I guarantee you more issues like this
and they'll work on them and fix them
but yeah this Foundation series badge
right here kind of clouded in the Tesla
Community because it basically means you
got one of the first few but it also
kind of means willing baited tester in a
way so you know these materials and this
new stamping technique and all this
should eventually make the vehicles much
easier to produce in Mass and cheaper
but that's
eventually eventually all right next
feature truck stuff I'm talking about
the theoretical reasons why someone
would logically buy a truck over any
other vehicle like a van or an SUV or a
car that would be for towing hauling and
off-roading and I know it looks like
this truck would be amazing at all of
that stuff but I'm going to say that
that this one it's overrated it's
overrated here and I'll tell you why and
don't get me wrong the Cyber Tru very
capable it's much more capable than any
other Tesla obviously I can confirm it
handles winter weather really well like
it has heated windshield wiper and the
heated mirrors and the door can in fact
open in icy weather they added a Wade
mode that lifts the suspension all the
way up and pressurizes the battery so
that you can drive through really deep
water it's insane and it also has
off-road driving modes and going modes
right here in the settings there's also
only one wheel and tire option right now
with cybertruck every single cybertruck
ships with the same Goodyear territory
Wrangler RT Tire whatever it's a pretty
popular tire and they ship them on you
know Jeep Grand Cherokees and F-150s all
the time and it's reinforced and it's
capable of some light off-roading but I
think if we're being honest most people
will be driving this thing mostly on the
street like a glorified SUV so here's a
number to think about
63 63 is the percent of truck drivers
who admit to rarely or never towing
anything at all and that's just the ones
that admit it like look at this chart
this is from a survey of F-150 owners so
the most popular truck in the country
people are almost never actually towing
with these things so before you leave a
comment that this thing sucks for towing
yeah they know we know everyone buying
it kind of should already know if if
you're buying a truck specifically for
towing then you have a short list of
trucks you're considering and none of
them are electric but I think my main
realization with this thing is there are
millions of pre-orders for this thing
right now because it's Tesla it's going
to be very popular this is going to be a
lot of people's first truck and it will
come with all of the first truck
realizations like to a lot of people the
Cyber truck looks absolutely huge but
it's actually smaller than an F-150 and
these people when they get the truck
they'll think they're invincible and
they can drive off Road and just go
wherever they want without even thinking
about strategically going certain routes
or airing down the tires that literally
come at 50 psi from the factory they're
going to start getting stuck in all
sorts of embarrassing situations which
means of course then there will be
countless articles written about them
because of course no other truck has
ever been stuck in the snow before and
it's just sorry I'm I'm definitely
getting ahead of myself but look we will
be using a cyber truck at our Video
Production Studio for a lot of the same
reasons that we've used an r1t it's got
a tow hit
it's spacious it holds a lot of gear
it's quick it's quiet it's great but I
think the point I'm trying to make is
most of the millions of people who will
end up with these cyber trucks
eventually are going to use them on the
street just like a glorified SUV just
cuz they think this one looks cool and
that's
fine all right next category
performance overrated or
underrated well you might have seen this
little video that Tesla did on their
YouTube channel racing the Cyber truck
against a Porche 911 while towing a 911
and beating that 911 and that that was a
very clever video it's an ad of course
but it also takes advantage of the fact
that EVS all have this commoditization
of this enormous straight line
performance great acceleration anyone
can get it but you know I'd normally
never compare a pickup truck
to a sports car right but while we're
[Music]
here
w
so like most drag races this one was
just for fun but while we have some time
at the drag strip we did a bunch of
these we did backto backto back races
and it shed a lot of light on Tesla's
video and on the cybertruck in general
so first of all EVS are quick right
we've known this for years ludicrous
mode then plaid mode beast mode this is
not new information but cars with gears
can be faster so that's there's a
difference between quick and fast so
when you go to a real drag strip with
timing equipment and all that stuff you
get one of these after there's a time
slip breaks down in both lanes not just
the end of the quarter mile but multiple
points along the race and so I've
expanded it here so this was the triple
motor cyber truck's best run one of the
first runs it runs a 10.9 Second quar
Mile which if you don't know is
absolutely ridiculous there are Bonafide
sports cars that don't run in the 10s
and for a 7,000 pound pickup truck to do
it on allterrain tires is just kind of
hilarious but when you actually look at
and break down each of these times this
shows the difference between quick and
fast so first of all off the launch just
from 0er miles an hour the cyberbeast
with its triple Motors and with its
thousand hzz traction control managing
the slip at the rear wheels basically in
real time is able to explode off the
line through the first 60 ft of the race
faster than the 911 Turbo S one of the
fastest launching cars ever made now
from there it holds that lead continues
putting down all this power all the way
out to 330 ft so you can see that at 330
ft 4.4 versus 4.5 it's still out ahead
but by the time you get to 660 ft which
is roughly halfway through the race
that's when the 911 has changed gears
twice and continues to pull and this is
when it shifts and passes the truck
around halfway through the race physics
just takes over and the lighter car with
many more gears continues to shift it
passes the truck crazy enough the Cyber
truck hits its 114 mph electronically
limited top speed probably because of
the tires uh well before the end of the
quarter mile while my child I mean the
car continues to pull into the 140s no
it's not stock NOW Tesla made this video
that I talked about and they wanted to
showcase the cyberbeast against a
Porsche 911 and they know all of this so
they had to get clever I'll say so if
you haven't seen it I'll link it below
their video shows the cybertruck pulling
up to the line it's racing a Porche 9911
it beats the 911 in a drag race and then
it's revealed that it was towing a 911
the whole time so they're saying you can
beat one while Towing one and then it
flashes the quarter mile time on the
screen 11 seconds so first of all
there's about 50 different models and
variations of the Porsche 911 so just
based on what we saw and from the
performance in the video I'm going to
guess that they went with the cheapest
and slowest possible 911 so that would
be the 911 Carrera t it's a manual
transmission it does 0 to 60 in around
4.3 seconds so now the cybertruck with
its 2.6 second 0 to 60 has a massive
advantage and so they're able to
handicap it by having it tow the 911
like 3,000 lb okay so then they run the
race and if you watch the video they run
it out to this yellow Mark right here
which it turns out is actually the
halfway point of the drag strip so shout
out to engineering explain for doing the
math on this one I'll leave the video
below but it turns out the Carrera t
thanks to its gearbox is still
eventually faster than a cyber Tru
especially if it's Towing 3,000 pounds
but it's really an eighth mile race that
they're showcasing here and then they
quote the quarter mile time at the end
as if they ran a quarter mile race but
as we've learned today quick fast people
will point out that difference but I'll
let it slide it's just a drag race it's
fun it's not that huge of a deal but I
will say if you can from stoplight to
stoplight be just as quick as basically
any other car in a ,000 lb truck that's
incredible that's hilarious that's
really fun but hopefully at least now
you understand why I'm saying
performance is a bit overrated it's more
of a onetick pony in a straight line now
that one trick is very fun and very
appealing to certain people there are
people every day who pick the F-150
Raptor over the F-150 for stuff like
this but you know then you get to a turn
and it's a truck again but also one more
thing I just want to highlight again in
our best run we got 10. n95 seconds in
the cybertruck is this the fastest is
this the World Record for fastest
cybertruck quarter mile I haven't seen
any faster so let me know if you do but
shout out to mil as a driver mod I think
we might have a world record
here all right the 800 volt architecture
and the 48 volt low voltage system both
new to the
cybertruck I'm going underrated if only
for the fun fact that this this is
technically the lightest fully electric
pickup truck in the world World which is
not the highest bar to clear but yes
thanks to the Lesser wire weight it is
lighter than the Helmer EV it's also
lighter than the F-150 Lightning and it
is lighter than the dramatically smaller
rivan r1t so that's an accomplishment I
was also hoping it would charge like
just as fast or faster than other Teslas
but it seems right in line you know 250
kows at V3 superchargers for about the
first third of the curve uh you know it
looks like less as far as miles per hour
that you're adding to the battery but
that's in including driving efficiency
which is thanks to the aerodynamics of a
refrigerator not great now I also want
to give a shout out specifically to the
suspension just the suspension on the
cybertruck which I think is underrated
first of all there's a huge amount of
travel between the lowest and firmest
and the highest and softest settings and
no one's going to say this thing drives
like a sports car but it is pretty
impressively low and firm in its lowest
setting and it's very high and it can
move between those low and high settings
really quickly and I was also very
impressed by how how little roll and yaw
there was typically a big truck you hit
accelerate and the nose comes up a lot
this one goes up a little not bad but
then also we got to talk about just for
a second Tesla's minimalism because it's
a kind of a staple of Teslas at this
point especially with the cybertruck
here with the design but also on the
inside and with materials and the
choices they make I think a lot of us
would agree that a physical button in a
lot of ways is better than a digital
button I don't think that's a hot take
but one of the reasons Tesla's been so
successful business-wise over the past
couple years in such a competitive
market is because they figured out a way
to make a profit on every vehicle and
they minimize all of the extra pieces
all of the moving parts and they've
gotten rid of a lot of buttons actually
they've gotten rid of basically every
button in the cybertruck but because of
Tesla's success I feel like audio
manufacturers have started to copy a lot
of what Tesla does to the detriment of
some of their vehicles I would have
liked to have seen in the Cyber truck
this big special vehicle maybe a cool
key fob that has access to a button to
open the front trunk or maybe real
climate control buttons or maybe we all
know they should have done a mirror
that's actually a screen so you could
see out the back of the truck without
looking down at the screen but they
didn't do that so I'm saying Tesla's
minimalism kind of overrated here but I
also do need you to know that despite
all the other interesting technical
stuff that I've talked about in this
video this is still a Tesla under the
hood and all of the things that we love
about that and all the other stuff that
comes with it that means it works with
Tesla superchargers all over the country
that also means it has a super heavy 123
KW battery in the floor it means that
the quiet interior of the vehicle makes
the speaker system sound way better than
it probably should and it also means a
bunch of things are missing about these
early trucks as they deliver them the
super heavy additional range extender
battery in the back isn't shipping yet
and nobody knows when it will the screen
also has no carplay or Android auto but
the software is really good and super
fast but there's also no autopilot right
now even if you paid for it no light bar
right now even if you paid for it no
Arrow caps right now and you did pay for
those the locking differential at the
rear axle doesn't work in the dual motor
version of this truck yet and there's
only one tire option for a truck all of
these are decisions that Tesla makes
knowing the priorities of the probable
buyers the millions of pre-orders of the
Cyber truck they know what people are
probably going to do with these they
know what people think they're going to
do with these and they know what people
want when they buy one of these things
it's a Tesla under the hood so I was
driving to the studa the other day and
on my way there I'm coming up over this
hill and on the other side of the hill
is this biker across the street and as I
came over the hill he looked up and he
saw the truck for about two seconds and
then he reached out and he just did this
as he as he biked past me but later that
same night I was on my way home from
practice around the the bridge somewhere
in New York City at night and slowing
down in traffic this car pulls up next
to me kind of in front of me and all
four of the windows roll down and these
super happy faces all stick out and just
like give me thumbs up and they're
grinning the entire time and i' say
that's about the ratio of joy to
Absolute disgust that you bring into the
world driving the Cyber Tru around it's
probably like 8020 so what's the verdict
with the cybertruck right I think
there's a lot going on between those
four corners a lot of interesting
choices and materials and Technologies
and steer by wire and 800 volt systems
and all this stuff but a lot of it
frankly is overshadowed by the design
again so we keep coming back to the
design and uh I feel like we can use
that word again
iconic I would say as a product person I
do think this is already an iconic
design now that comes with a lot of
baggage I feel like when you say that
word it's kind of like joining the rare
air of like the the bedroom poster of
some on some kids wall it's like the
Lamborghini Kosh or the Bugatti veun or
something like a Tesla cybertruck but
the thing about those iconic cars is
they're also almost always
rare and that's the thing like if you
saw a Bugatti Veron on the street that's
probably the only Bugatti Veron you're
going to see on the street for a long
time there's not that many Lamborghini
koses out on the world now the
cybertruck today is super rare and
there's all these articles about you
know celebrities driving them around and
when you see one it's an event that's
why people are reacting the way they are
it's probably because it's the first
time they're ever seeing one but the
cybertruck is slotted to be
mass-produced so I feel like this
actually has to wear off after a while
like obviously it hits different seeing
your 10th or 50th or 100th cyber truck
of the day right so how how does that
match up I think there's like 2 million
plus pre-orders of the Cyber Tru and
more coming there were only ever about
2,000 Lamborghini caches ever made there
was less than 500 Bugatti verons ever
made so it's kind of hard to find a comp
for a vehicle that starts off its life
as iconic but then is mass-produced and
there was this really interesting
comment on the autofocus video I made
about this truck on owning the PT
Cruiser when it first came out and I
wasn't really old enough to remember
this so I'm purely taking their word for
it but apparently it was a crazy enough
design that it got a lot of attention
when it first started being made you
know it's a weird shape had some odd
material choices and all that but
eventually Chrysler made over a million
PT Cruisers but now we know exactly how
cool the PT Cruiser is you know it gets
humanized more and more the more you see
them on the road you see them get an
accidents and have to maneuver through
traffic and they're just regular people
and regular cars and they're everywhere
and I guess the question is is that the
arc for the Tesla cybertruck like we
don't know but it has to go from being
this crazy unobtanium that it is right
now to being
something only time will tell thanks for
watching catch you guys in the next one
peace